[Outdoor test area. Two wooden structures side by side: "RAW LUMBER" on left, "M-FIRE TREATED LUMBER" on right. On-screen timer begins.]
[Fire ignited simultaneously inside both structures. Flames begin to grow.]
[RAW LUMBER structure: flames spread rapidly through the wood frame.]
[M-FIRE TREATED structure: fire burns initial kindling. Flames do not spread to treated lumber.]
[RAW LUMBER structure fully engulfed in flames. Structural integrity failing.]
[M-FIRE TREATED structure: kindling burns out. Fire begins to self-extinguish.]
[RAW LUMBER structure continues burning intensely. M-FIRE TREATED structure fire fully extinguished.]
[RAW LUMBER structure reduced to charred frame. M-FIRE TREATED structure remains structurally intact.]
[Fire in RAW LUMBER structure diminishing as fuel is exhausted. Smoke continues.]
[Firefighter enters with hose and extinguishes remaining embers in RAW LUMBER structure.]
[Final comparison: RAW LUMBER structure destroyed. M-FIRE TREATED structure intact. Test concludes at 8:57.]
[Black screen with M-Fire Suppression contact information.]